added balena ssh troubleshoot (#2452)
balena-io/balena-cli: TROUBLESHOOTING.md

Terminal multiplexer tools like GNU `screen` or `tmux` are sometimes reported to fix the issues, though at other times they are reported as the _cause_ of the problem. They have their own configuration files to take into account.

Further reference:

- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1133031/shell-prompt-line-wrapping-issue
- https://superuser.com/questions/46948/any-way-to-fix-screens-mishandling-of-line-wrap-maybe-only-terminal-app
- https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/105958/terminal-prompt-not-wrapping-correctly
- https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/529377/terminal-long-line-wrapping
- https://github.com/microsoft/WSL/issues/1436

If nothing seems to help, consider also using a different client-side terminal application:

- Linux: xterm, KDE Konsole, GNOME Terminal
- Mac: Terminal, iTerm2
- Windows: PowerShell, PuTTY, WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)

## "balena ssh" ends with permission denied when using RSA keys

> RSA keys generated with this command from github documentation: `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@example.com"`
> 
> It failed with this error:
> `Offering public key: /Users/<username>/.ssh/id_rsa RSA`
> `send_pubkey_test: no mutual signature algorithm`

Reviewer: I gather that GitHub's documentation no longer advises `-t rsa`:
https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent

For this reason, I suggest not mentioning GitHub here:
```suggestion
Some operating systems or SSH packages have started disabling the RSA key type on security grounds. As a result, `balena ssh -v` may fail with error:
`Offering public key: /Users/<username>/.ssh/id_rsa RSA`
`send_pubkey_test: no mutual signature algorithm`
```

Possible Solutions

> - Either add PubkeyAcceptedKeyTypes +ssh-rsa to SSH configuration or use a different algorithm for the key (ecdsa or ed25519 should work fine)

Reviewer: Adding backticks around `PubkeyAcceptedKeyTypes +ssh-rsa` would look nice.

> - Change `.ssh/config` to refer to the custom named identify file? e.g. id_balena / id_balena.pub

Reviewer: * Did you mean a comma or a colon instead of a question mark? I.e. `file?` → `file,`
* Typo: `identify file` → `identity file`
* How does a custom identity file help? I guess that the custom identity file could not be RSA, and would have to be ecdsa or ed25519, just like the primary / default identity file, right? If so, we may want to clarify that a custom identity file may be helpful if the user wishes to keep their their primary / default RSA identity file unchanged, and create an alternative file with a different key type for use with balena.
  * I also think we would need to provide an example of how the `Host` section should look like in the `.ssh/config` file. What value should the user use for `Host`? Does it work with `Host *.balena`? I assume that the custom identity file configuration would have to fall under some such `Host` configuration. Otherwise, it would effectively replace the primary / default identity file for all hosts, not just balena.
